stream: add bytesRead to Readable (#27988)
nodejs/node: doc/api/stream.md

Getter for the property `objectMode` of a given `Readable` stream.

##### readable.bytesRead
<!-- YAML

> added: CHANGEME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
added: REPLACEME
```

-->

* {number}

> Number of bytes read, or `null` in `objectMode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of bytes read, or `null` when `objectMode` is `true`.
```

Getter for the property `objectMode` of a given `Readable` stream.

##### readable.readCount
<!-- YAML
added: CHANGEME
-->

* {number}

> Number of objets read in `objectMode`, otherwise number of bytes

Reviewer 2: Typo: objects

But also, I think it might make more sense to flip this and mention that it’s the number of bytes read first, because object mode is the exception rather than the rule

> Number of time `data` has been called in `objectMode`, otherwise number of bytes

Reviewer: I think this needs to be reworded because you can also read data via `.read()`, not just via `'data'` events.
